Add the analogy of pull requests and editing a shared document (#469)
carpentries/lesson-development-training: episodes/collaborating-team.md

and acceptance/rejection of the changes within a branch
are called _Pull Requests_.

> GitHub pull requests is analogous to tracking changes in a shared online document - 
> both involve proposing, reviewing, and finalising updates collaboratively. 
> In a shared document, edits are submitted for review by a proposer, akin to creating 
> a pull request in GitHub, where changes are proposed via a branch. 
> Reviewers in both cases look at the proposed changes, provide feedback via comments, 
> request modifications, and resolve conflicts before final approval. 
> Once approved, changes are integrated into the main document or `main` branch, 
> with version histories in both systems providing an audit trail of contributions. 
> This structured workflow ensures quality and accountability in collaborative efforts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pull requests are analogous to tracking changes in a shared online document - 
both involve proposing, reviewing, discussing, and finalising updates collaboratively. 
In a shared document, edits are submitted for review by a proposer, akin to creating 
a pull request in GitHub, where changes are proposed via a branch. 
Reviewers in both cases look at the proposed changes, provide feedback via comments, 
request modifications, and may need to resolve conflicts between multiple competing versions 
before final approval. 
Once approved, changes are integrated into the main document (the `main` branch in your lesson repsository), 
with version histories in both systems providing an audit trail of contributions. 
This structured workflow ensures quality and accountability in collaborative efforts.
```

and acceptance/rejection of the changes within a branch
are called _Pull Requests_.

Pull requests are analogous to tracking changes in a shared online document - 
both involve proposing, reviewing, discussing, and finalising updates collaboratively. 
In a shared document, edits are submitted for review by a proposer, akin to creating 
a pull request in GitHub, where changes are proposed via a branch. 
Reviewers in both cases look at the proposed changes, provide feedback via comments, 

> request modifications, and may need to resolve conflicts between multiple competing versions 

Author: ```suggestion
(optionally) request modifications, and may need to resolve conflicts between multiple competing versions 
```

before final approval. 
Once approved, changes are integrated into the main document (the `main` branch in your lesson repsository), 
with version histories in both systems providing an audit trail of contributions. 
This structured workflow ensures quality and accountability in collaborative efforts.

> 

Author: Pull requests are analogous to tracking changes in a shared online document - both involve proposing, reviewing, discussing, and finalising updates collaboratively. 
In a shared document, edits are submitted for review by a proposer, akin to creating a pull request in GitHub, where changes are proposed via a branch. 
Reviewers in both cases look at the proposed changes, provide feedback via comments, (optionally) request modifications, and may need to resolve conflicts between multiple competing versions before final approval. 
Once approved, changes are integrated into the main document (the `main` branch in your lesson repsository), with version histories in both systems providing an audit trail of contributions. 
This structured workflow ensures quality and accountability in collaborative efforts.
